README.md, before:

# Welcome to weTravel

Created by: Timothy Quirk and Dania Herrera

![](https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend/blob/master/assets/images/logo2.png)

In this repository you will find the back end built on Ruby on Rails. This back end is meant to serve as an API for the Javascript frontend that can be found in this repository here: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend.

## Instructions for use

1. After forking and cloning this repository from github, switch into your newly cloned folder.

2. Install the necessary gems with 'bundle install' in your terminal.

3. This application uses Postgres as its database. If you do not already have Postgres, you will need to download and install it to be able to use this application.

4. Once you have Postgres, run the 'rails db:create' command in your terminal. Next run the 'rails db:seed' command, followed by the 'rails server' command to launch a local server.

5. Now that you have your server running, you will need to make sure you access the repository for the front end of this application here: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend.


## Overview  

As a bit of background, this project was build as a part of our third module at the Flatiron School. Our project requirements were that we create our first full stack application using a Rails back end and a Javascript front end. As a team, we both decided we were passionate about travel and want to create a website for a small travel agency.

This site allows a user to make a reservation request for a given number of activities that the agency offeres trips for.

Trips are split up by the countries that those trips occur in.

Commit message:

added demo link and image

README.md, after:

# Welcome to weTravel

Created by: Timothy Quirk and Dania Herrera

![](https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend/blob/master/assets/images/logo2.png)

In this repository you will find the back end built on Ruby on Rails. This back end is meant to serve as an API for the Javascript frontend that can be found in this repository here: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend.

## Instructions for use

1. After forking and cloning this repository from github, switch into your newly cloned folder.

2. Install the necessary gems with 'bundle install' in your terminal.

3. This application uses Postgres as its database. If you do not already have Postgres, you will need to download and install it to be able to use this application.

4. Once you have Postgres, run the 'rails db:create' command in your terminal. Next run the 'rails db:seed' command, followed by the 'rails server' command to launch a local server.

5. Now that you have your server running, you will need to make sure you access the repository for the front end of this application here: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend.

## Demo

[![alt text][image]][reference link]

[image]: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hyuwWChCl3M/1.jpg "weTravel Demo Video"
[reference link]: https://youtu.be/hyuwWChCl3M

Please click on the image above if you would like to see a video demo of the DocFinder.

## Overview  

As a bit of background, this project was build as a part of our third module at the Flatiron School. Our project requirements were that we create our first full stack application using a Rails back end and a Javascript front end. As a team, we both decided we were passionate about travel and want to create a website for a small travel agency.

This site allows a user to make a reservation request for a given number of activities that the agency offeres trips for.

Trips are split up by the countries that those trips occur in.
